git auth token support for private repos (#200)
docker/bake-action: README.md

          push: true
```

Building from the current repository automatically uses the [GitHub Token](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/automatic-token-authentication),
so it does not need to be passed. If you want to authenticate against another
private repository for remote definitions, you can set the

> [`BUILDX_BAKE_GIT_AUTH_TOKEN` environment variable](https://docs.docker.com/build/building/variables/#buildx_bake_git_auth_token):

Reviewer: Should there be a comment here that this requires buildx >= 0.14 ?

          push: true
```

> Building from the current repository automatically uses the [GitHub Token](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/automatic-token-authentication),
> so it does not need to be passed. If you want to authenticate against another

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Building from the current repository automatically uses the `GITHUB_TOKEN` secret that GitHub [automatically creates for workflows](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/automatic-token-authentication),
so you don't need to pass that manually. If you want to authenticate against another
```

private repository for remote definitions, you can set the

> [`BUILDX_BAKE_GIT_AUTH_TOKEN` environment variable](https://docs.docker.com/build/building/variables/#buildx_bake_git_auth_token):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[`BUILDX_BAKE_GIT_AUTH_TOKEN` environment variable](https://docs.docker.com/build/building/variables/#buildx_bake_git_auth_token)
or the `github-token` [input](#input).
```

> [!NOTE]
> Supported since Buildx 0.14.0

```yaml
      -
        name: Build and push
        uses: docker/bake-action@v4
        with:
          source: "${{ github.server_url }}/${{ github.repository }}.git#${{ github.ref }}"
          push: true
        env:
          BUILDX_BAKE_GIT_AUTH_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.MYTOKEN }}
```

## Customizing

> ### inputs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Inputs
```

Author: I use lowercasing here to match the `action.yml`: https://github.com/docker/bake-action/blob/75d6ba252c60fbd6a267235d93ee614a9b2d2826/action.yml#L9

I'm not against changing casing but would need to do that on all GHA repos we have. Can we look at this in follow-up?

| `load`         | Bool        | Load is a shorthand for `--set=*.output=type=docker` (default `false`)                                                                                                 |
| `provenance`   | Bool/String | [Provenance](https://docs.docker.com/build/attestations/slsa-provenance/) is a shorthand for `--set=*.attest=type=provenance`                                          |
| `push`         | Bool        | Push is a shorthand for `--set=*.output=type=registry` (default `false`)                                                                                               |
| `sbom`         | Bool/String | [SBOM](https://docs.docker.com/build/attestations/sbom/) is a shorthand for `--set=*.attest=type=sbom`                                                                 |
| `set`          | List        | List of [targets values to override](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/buildx_bake/#set) (eg: `targetpattern.key=value`)                            |

> | `github-token` | String      | GitHub Token used to authenticate against a repository for [remote definitions](https://docs.docker.com/build/bake/remote-definition/) (default `${{ github.token }}`) |

Reviewer 2: shut this input be `git-tokens` or is it only for `GITHUB_TOKEN`?

| `load`         | Bool        | Load is a shorthand for `--set=*.output=type=docker` (default `false`)                                                                                                 |
| `provenance`   | Bool/String | [Provenance](https://docs.docker.com/build/attestations/slsa-provenance/) is a shorthand for `--set=*.attest=type=provenance`                                          |
| `push`         | Bool        | Push is a shorthand for `--set=*.output=type=registry` (default `false`)                                                                                               |
| `sbom`         | Bool/String | [SBOM](https://docs.docker.com/build/attestations/sbom/) is a shorthand for `--set=*.attest=type=sbom`                                                                 |
| `set`          | List        | List of [targets values to override](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/buildx_bake/#set) (eg: `targetpattern.key=value`)                            |

> | `github-token` | String      | GitHub Token used to authenticate against a repository for [remote definitions](https://docs.docker.com/build/bake/remote-definition/) (default `${{ github.token }}`) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `github-token` | String      | API token used to authenticate to a Git repository for [remote definitions](https://docs.docker.com/build/bake/remote-definition/) (default `${{ github.token }}`) |
```
